story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2020 sci-fi thriller film called
the invisible man
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
cecilia or c for short gets up from bed
and checks on his husband adrian
she has drugged him and is planning to
escape sneaking her way through adrian's
mansion
she heads to adrian's high-tech
laboratory and disables the cctv and the
house's alarm system
she quietly heads to the garage seeing
zeus adrian's dog
and decides to set him free as well a
car alarm gets tripped and adrian is
awaken
see sprints for the walls across
adrian's yard and climbs out as fast as
she can
disappearing into the woods sea arrives
at a lonely road
expecting her sister amelia as she gets
into amelia's car
she drops the medication bottle she used
on adrian
amelia asks see what's wrong but before
c could explain
adrian appears out of the woods and
smashes the car windows
demanding cedar return amelia floors it
in the sister's escape
two weeks pass and she is staying with
her friend james
c is still traumatized by her escape and
is in fear of leaving the house
even barely being able to make it to the
driveway she is on guard all the time
feeling that someone or something is
watching her amelia arrives at james
house and c is immediately uncomfortable
she didn't want amelia to come to her
location because adrian might follow
amelia but emilia tells her there's
nothing to worry about as adrian has
died
emilia shows see a news article about
adrian a wealthy entrepreneur at the
head of the field of optics technology
committing suicide c explains to amelia
and james that adrian's suicide makes no
sense as he was a man of control
saying adrian had control of almost
every aspect of sea's life
she added that adrian abused him
physically and mentally and said that he
also wanted a baby
she knew she had to leave before that or
else she'd never be free of him
she only prevented it by taking birth
control pills secretly later that day
c receives a letter summoning her to
meet up with adrian's lawyer and brother
amelia accompanies c and they meet with
tom adrian's brother and appointed
attorney
tom tells c that audience final wishes
are to give c4 million dollars c returns
to james and celebrates
even pledging to pay for james daughter
sydney schooling
the following day they notice strange
occurrences namely the stove making its
flames bigger and unlocked doors
this blows over when sea feels a
presence in a room with her and sees
outlines of footprints standing on a
blanket
she also finds the medication bottle she
used on adrien which she lost on the
night of her escape and this convinces
her that adrian is still alive and has
somehow invented invisibility
she goes to tom and tells him about
what's been happening with her
tom explains to see that he too despises
adrian
he points out that he had to live with
adrian long before he met c
he reassures c by showing her a picture
of adrian's bloody corpse
later that night sydney tries to cheer c
up by offering to have girls night when
something hits her and she falls to the
ground
not seeing what happened sydney blames c
but c denies it telling her and james
that it was adrian
james and sydney don't believe her and
leave c is left alone at the house and
she taunts adrian
c takes a knife and spreads coffee
ground on the floor awaiting adrian but
nothing happens
she then dials adrian's phone and hears
ringing coming from the attic
climbing into the attic she dials once
again and finds adrian's phone with a
knife
noticing something peculiar she takes a
bucket of paint splashes it on the attic
ladder
and comes face to face with a ghostly
silhouette covered in white paint
she reels and the figure disappears to
the kitchen sea follows and sees that it
has washed off the paint
grabbing a knife she prepares to fight
but is immediately overpowered and gets
thrown around by an invisible entity
sea escapes to the road takes a car and
heads to adrian's house
c gets to adrian's house and heads to
the laboratory finding adrian's
prototype invisibility suit
confirming her suspicions sea gets
spooked and flees to the bedroom
she tries to hide in the closet but sees
footprints on the carpet and runs
escaping successfully see meets up with
emilia at a restaurant begins to explain
what she found at adrian's house but a
knife suddenly slashes amelia's throat
and lands on c's hand
making it look as if c had slashed her
sister's throat see is taken away by the
police as emilia dies on the table
she is taken to a mental treatment
facility and is sedated all the while
screaming and shouting at a non-visible
adrian
later on c finds herself in disbelief
when she's told she's pregnant
confused and frozen in shock see stares
into nothing in her small cell as the
doctor who brought the message leaves
james who's also a detective interviews
c to help her but out loses hope when
she tells them that adrian is present in
the room with them
they just can't see him james believes
that c has gone delusional and is slowly
losing her mind
she also gets a visit from tom who
informs her that the four million
dollars will be withdrawn as she's now
being charged with murder
in a twist of circumstances tom tells c
that she has the choice to withdraw the
money or to have the baby and return
to adrian confirming that adrian was
indeed still alive
tom tells her that adrian knew the whole
time she was trying to use birth control
and had switched it out
but now knowing that she is pregnant
adrian is willing to stop the madness so
long as sea agrees to start a new life
together
c refuses and sweeps tom's things off
the table with tom looking away
she takes one of his pens and hides it
sea is taken back to her cell and that
night
she takes tom's pan and stabs her wrist
saying out loud that adrian will never
get her nor the baby
just as c slashes down her wrist
something grabs her arm and she grabs
back
exclaiming that she got adrian she takes
her chance and stabs adrian several
times
making the suit glitch with the suit now
malfunctioning
sea can clearly see the invisible man
they struggle but an officer enters c
cell surprised by what he's seeing
the officer is quickly disabled by
adrian and c bolts out the open door
more officers respond but adrian makes
quick work of them as the suit starts
working again
adrian beats several officers overpowers
one and takes his gun
and even kills some of them adrian tries
to flee but c takes a gun and goes after
him
a cat in vous chase ensues and they end
up in the parking lot
adrian gains the upper hand pins down
sea threatens to kill sydney and takes
off
determined to protect sydney sea steals
a car and tries to get to james house
a sleeping sydney is awakened by strange
sounds and pulls out her pepper spray
she randomly sprays it luckily disabling
adrian
she tries to run but is quickly
overpowered james arrives and tries to
fight off the invisible man but gets
quickly taken down and gets beaten to
the point of unconsciousness
c arrives with a fire extinguisher and
douses adrian making him visible
she then takes james gunn and shoots
several times
the invisible man falls and sea takes
off his mask surprise to see that it's
actually tom underneath the suit
the next morning a tactical team enters
adrian's house and finds adrian tied up
in the basement
it seems to appear that tom has
masterminded everything and adrian and c
are the victims
c doesn't buy it and still believes that
somehow adrian is behind everything
james tries to reassure her that
everything will be all right but she
believes that nothing will be all right
as long as adrian is still alive
see later meets with adrian for dinner
in his house and tells him that if he
wanted to be part of the child's life
that he should tell the truth and that
he should admit to everything he's done
c begs him to admit to it but he remains
adamant that it was all tom
little did adrian know that james was
actually listening through a wire and
watching through a cctv feed
adrian says something and see
immediately recognizes it is something
the invisible man had said earlier
she excuses herself to the bathroom
sobbing adrian is left alone at the
dining table when he suddenly raises his
knife and cuts his own throat
he starts bleeding and choking on his
own blood sea returns to see adrian
bleeding to death and james sees this
and runs out to help
c is hysterical seeing adrian and dials
9-1-1 but as soon as she's out of the
cctv's view
she stops crying and maintains a cold
look she stares at adrien
watching him die c runs into james
outside and james spots the invisibility
suit and sees bag
he then asks if she had any intentions
at all to make him admit the truth on
tape and c
answers yes but reasons out that adrian
was unstable
c then asks what james heard on the cctv
james and c share a look of
understanding and james answers that it
sounded like adrian killed himself
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching